Christian Zinck and Joshua Mitchell

We discussed the assignment with classmates and received help from TAs.

All required features have been correctly implemented with the addition of 270
degree rotation.

Architecture:
The main function in ppmtrans.c handles the command line arguments, keeping a
record of all options and filenames. It then reads the image from stdin or the
given file name and stores it in a Pnm_ppm with data member A2Methods_UArray2,
a polymorphic type that represents either a UArray2 or UArray2b. A UArray2 is
implemented as a UArray of UArrays and UArray2b is implemented as a UArray2 of
UArrays. Transform is then called on the image, which maps through the image in
the given or default mapping order and uses the rotate function to rotate each
pixel according to the given degree, defaulted to 0. The resulting image is
then printed to stdout.

Part E: 
Command used: djpeg /comp/40/images/from-wind-cave.jpg | pnmscale 15 |
./ppmtrans -rotate <degree> -<row, col, block>-major -time timedata.txt |
display &

Image size: 84088800 pixels

Row Major - 
90: 3290829868 ns, 39.135175 ns per pixel, 39.135175 instructions per pixel
180: 2215625167 ns, 26.348636 ns per pixel, 26.348636 instructions per pixel

Column Major -
90: 9451686383 ns, 112.401252 ns per pixel, 112.401252 instructions per pixel
180: 10184523974 ns, 121.116296 ns per pixel, 121.116296 instructions per pixel

Block Major - 
90: 4939296245 ns, 58.739050 ns per pixel, 58.739050 instructions per pixel
180: 5079640641 ns, 60.408052 ns per pixel, 60.408052 instructions per pixel

Analysis - 
Row major executed the rotation, regardless of degree or image size, because
rows in a UArray2 are stored contiguously in memory. The blocks in UArray2b are
also stored contiguously in memory, however several operations are required to
access each element in a UArray2b, making block major slower than row major.
Finally, column major executes the operations the slowest because the columns
in UArray2 are stored noncontiguously.

Model: D11S
Name: LAB116-N
CPU type: Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-6700 CPU @ 3.40GHz
Clock rate: 899.937

We spent approximately 40 hours on this assignment.
